Freedom is the key to Akshay's personality. Akshay Kumar loves travel, adventure, variety and meeting new people, and he longs to experience all of life. He also loves to be involved in several things at the same time as long as he is not tied down to any one area. Change is constant in his world, requiring adaptability and courage.
Who is Akshay Kumar?  He is an Indian actor, producer and martial artist who has appeared in over a hundred Hindi films, primarily action ones, and has been nominated for Filmfare Awards several times, winning it twice.  He was born on Saturday September 9th 1967, in Amritsar, Punjab, India.
Through spiritual realizations, wisdom, and hope - April 26th 2020 motivates Akshay Kumar to change his priorities.
Akshay Kumar is sensual and loves to taste all of life. Sex, food and other sensory experiences are essential to the enjoyment of his. He finds it difficult to commit to one relationship, but once committed, he can be as faithful as an old dog. 
There are no particular virtues that can cause an imbalance in Akshay's personality and life, but he has to work hard and persistently to develop those special strengths that he desires to attain.
With his upbeat and often inspiring personality, Akshay Kumar makes friends easily and attracts people from all walks of life. He has a way with words and an uncanny ability to motivate others. Thus, Akshay can be very successful and happy in sales, advertising, publicity, promotion, politics or any profession that requires communication skills and understanding of people.
Akshay is multi-talented and possesses a variety of diverse abilities. However, discipline and focus are the true keys to his success. Without these, many of the tasks Akshay begins will remain unfinished and he will fail to realize the true fruits of his abilities. With hard work and perseverance, however, the sky is the limit. Self-employment attracts Kumar powerfully, yet his challenge is to settle into one area to cultivate his ability sufficiently to earn a living and attain success. Once Akshay Kumar finds his niche, the motivation and inspiration he supplies others with will bring him much in return, and he will find his friends and colleagues supporting and promoting him on the road to success.
Akshay is comfortable with his aloneness today, and his encounters with others may cause confrontation with loved one.
Akshay Kumar tends to be quite adaptable, and he finds it easy to fit into most social set ups and vocational fields.
He is often a late-bloomer and needs to experience life before he can truly know and commit to his heart's desire. Akshay Kumar may be perceived as a wild child by adults and a source of concern by his family. However, he must not be obliged to hurry his choice of career or family. Akshay's challenge is to learn the true meaning of freedom-from-within through his jurney. He should try to maintain an exercise program to keep his body in shape. The flexibility and durability of Kumar's body will promote security and confidence within him.
Tour Akshay's menu and gain more insight into his personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
"PM Narendra Modi Lauds Akshay Kumar Toilet Ek Prem Katha's Trailer; Calls It a Good Effort to Further the Message of Cleanliness"
"Akshay Kumar's Mission Mangal will star Vidya Balan, Taapsee Pannu, Nithya Menen, Sonakshi Sinha, Manish Borundia"
. This film depicted the serious of issue of Toilets in certain regions of the country. Akshay's performance was praised. Akshay Kumar dug a toilet in 
 Taran Adarsh praised Kumar and wrote "Akshay Kumar is a revelation [...] he surpasses his previous work. His timing is fantastic and the conviction with which he carries off the evil streak in his personality is bound to be talked-about in days to come."
 Vishal D'Souza wrote "Akshay shoulders an author-backed role, carrying more of the film's emotional baggage though he is distinctly uncomfortable in the soppy-weepy scenes."
 but later Akshay Kumar clarified that the 100th film landmark had been crossed long before he even signed up for Joker. "It was a miscalculation on Shirish's part. 
 which was produced by Neeraj Pandey and marked his 3rd release of 2016. Akshay was praised for his performance in Rustom which garnered him numerous award nominations. Rustom grossed more than 2 billion at the box office.
 Sukanya Verma wrote "Negative roles and Akshay Kumar don't go hand-in-hand. [...] Akshay is ridiculously over the top and irritating to the core. However, he manages a decent performance as the sober and suave Anand."
Good Newwz' box office collection Day 3: Akshay Kumar and Kareena Kapoor Khan starrer witnesses a good Sunday - Times of India"
"Akshay Kumar On Canadian Citizenship: Got It When I felt My Career Was Over; Have Applied For Indian Passport"
). The film received mixed reviews from film critic but Kumar was praised for his acting. Anupama Chopra of India Today wrote that "Kareena Kapoor and Kumar stand out." Taran Adarsh wrote "Akshay Kumar does well in a role that fits him like a glove."
, while critical of the film, approved of Kumar's effort: "Akshay Kumar comes to life. Given something even slightly different to do, he does rise to the occasion."
. While reviewing the film, Taran Adarsh wrote "Akshay Kumar is plain mediocre. The role hardly offers him scope to try out anything different."
