Always seeking the forefront and the limelight, Amitabh needs to feel in command of important undertakings, and resists supportive roles. He can become irritated and even domineering when important things do not go his way. Bachchan can be impatient with his shortcomings and those of others.
Learning to be wisely assertive is a major lesson to be taken by Amitabh Bachchan throughout his life.
Amitabh Bachchan assumes the responsibility to be the protector and provider for those he loves, but demands their respect and attention in return.
There are no particular virtues that can cause an imbalance in Amitabh's personality and life, but he has to work hard and persistently to develop those special strengths that he desires to attain.
Amitabh Bachchan tends to be quite adaptable, and he finds it easy to fit into most social set ups and vocational fields.
Amitabh Bachchan is very concerned with his status and fosters the appearance of success and self-satisfaction. Interestingly, that very same need to appear well-off can be the fuel that propels Amitabh to strive for growth, success and the finer things of life.
Tour Amitabh's menu and gain more insight into his personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
Amitabh Bachchan personality profile | © Copyright 2009-2020 Celebrities Galore and Master Numerologist 
Who is Amitabh Bachchan?  He is Indian film actor who is widely regarded as one of the greatest and most influential actors in the history of Indian cinema, to the point where the French director François Truffaut called him a "one-man industry.  He was born on Sunday October 11th 1942, in Allahabad, United Provinces, British India, India.
Exceptionally creative and original, Amitabh possesses a touch of the unusual. His approach to problems is unique and he has the courage to wander from the traditional templates of thoughts and deeds. 
Amitabh Bachchan is a born leader, with extra-ordinary drive and determination. Insisting on his right to make up his own mind, he demands freedom of thought and action, and does not let anything or anyone stand in his way once he is committed to his goal.
April 26th 2020 is Amitabh Bachchan's day to be aggressive and take charge once he wakes up filled with drive and determination. It will be easy to apply this energy throughout the day as others look at Amitabh for direction.

    INTRODUCTION
• Amitabh Bachchan is one of the greatest and
most influential actors in the history of Indian
cinema.
• Mr. Bachchan was born on Sunday 11th
October 1942, in Allahabad, India.
• The ‘Shahenshah’ of Bollywood was born in
well-known poet's family Harivansh Rai ji
Bachchan and Teji Bachchan in Allahabad.
 
  

    • Ultimately, it was K A Abbas who gave Amitabh his
first break in ‘Saat Hindustani’. But the film failed
miserably, with Bachchan going almost unnoticed.
• Amitabh played the lead role, for the first time in his
career, in ‘Pyar Ki Kahani’.
• It was on the sets of ‘Ek Nazar’ that Amitabh and
Jaya Bhaduri realized that they were in love with
each other. They married soon after.
 
  

      1.
    PERSONALITY
AND
ATTITUDE OF
BIG B
PRESENTED BY
Shilpa Srivastava
Sanchit Trivedi
Sana Pasha
Anjali Saluja
Amit Jha
Radhika Bajaj
Megha Bagga
 
  

    • Amitabh went to Sherwood College, a boarding
school in Nainital, and then to Kirori Mal College in
Delhi University where he earned a double MA
degree.
• He had to struggle a lot in Bollywood because of his
unconventional looks and his height. At 6’3”, he was
considered far too tall by the filmmakers.
• Surprisingly, despite having a rich baritone voice,
Bachchan failed in an audition at the All India Radio!
 
  

    ORGANIZATIONAL SYSTEMS & RESOURCES
Physical Facilities
Amitabh owns two houses – Jalsa and Pratiksha.
Also has an office building ‘Janak’ which reportedly
has a gym that is regularly used by him.
His three buildings are at a convenient walking
distance from each other in Juhu, Mumbai.
Recently he has got 2 more houses in Mumbai
named vatsa and 1 unnamed.
 
  

    PSYCHOANALYTIC FACTORS
•Amitabh can write equally well with both his
hands.
•Amitabh began his career in films in 1969 as a
voice narrator in mrinal sen’s bhuvan shome.
Director satyajit ray also used bachchan’s voice in
his 1977 film shatranj ke khiladi.
•He wanted to become an engineer and was keen
to join the indian air force.
•Amitabh, famous for his baritone, ironically, was
rejected by all india radio.
 
  

    • Amitabh got an award for the best supporting
actor for ‘Anand’ which was with Rajesh
Khanna.
• Amitabh got his first Best Actor Award for
Manmohan Desai’s ‘Amar Akbar Anthony’, next
year for ‘Don’ and then for ‘Hum’.
• He also gain the National Award for Best Actor
for ‘Agneepath’.
 
  

    •His first salary was Rs 300.
•Amitabh debuted as an actor in saat hindustani.
•Amitabh’s actual surname was shrivastava, his
father had adopted the pen name bachchan. So
the family adopted this surname.
•He was one of the judges for the 1995 miss
world beauty pageant.
 
  
