She is often a late-bloomer and needs to experience life before she can truly know and commit to her heart's desire. Anushka Sharma may be perceived as a wild child by adults and a source of concern by her family. However, she must not be obliged to hurry her choice of career or family. Anushka's challenge is to learn the true meaning of freedom-from-within through her jurney. She should try to maintain an exercise program to keep her body in shape. The flexibility and durability of Sharma's body will promote security and confidence within her.
April 26th 2020 is a busy day for Anushka Sharma, and demanding, even to the point of requiring self-sacrifice.
Entrepreneurial and progressive, Anushka Sharma is ever-striving, heading for the top, and enjoying an enterprising, ambitious and determined personality to do things well, and an unyielding dedication to her plan until the goals are achieved.
Patient as she is towards her goals, Anushka's  flying, ravaging temper endangers her relationships with the very same people that will help her to accomplish those goals. She should use her strength of will to study and practice anger management.
There is danger, however that her trait of determination and dedication will shift to stubbornness, making Anushka cling to ideas and projects well past their fruitious season. It is a good idea for her to keep fresh pipeline of ideas to make it easier to replace outdated plans by new and better ones.
Freedom is the key to Anushka's personality. Anushka Sharma loves travel, adventure, variety and meeting new people, and she longs to experience all of life. She also loves to be involved in several things at the same time as long as she is not tied down to any one area. Change is constant in her world, requiring adaptability and courage.
Anushka Sharma is sensual and loves to taste all of life. Sex, food and other sensory experiences are essential to the enjoyment of hers. She finds it difficult to commit to one relationship, but once committed, she can be as faithful as an old dog. 
Anushka is multi-talented and possesses a variety of diverse abilities. However, discipline and focus are the true keys to her success. Without these, many of the tasks Anushka begins will remain unfinished and she will fail to realize the true fruits of her abilities. With hard work and perseverance, however, the sky is the limit. Self-employment attracts Sharma powerfully, yet her challenge is to settle into one area to cultivate her ability sufficiently to earn a living and attain success. Once Anushka Sharma finds her niche, the motivation and inspiration she supplies others with will bring her much in return, and she will find her friends and colleagues supporting and promoting her on the road to success.
Who is Anushka Sharma?  She is an Indian actress and film producer who received critical acclaim for her role as an ambitious wedding planner in the romantic comedy Band Baaja Baaraat (2010) that earned her Best Actress nominations at Filmfare.  She was born on Sunday May 1st 1988, in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Anushka Sharma personality profile | © Copyright 2009-2020 Celebrities Galore and Master Numerologist 
Tour Anushka's menu and gain more insight into her personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
With her upbeat and often inspiring personality, Anushka Sharma makes friends easily and attracts people from all walks of life. She has a way with words and an uncanny ability to motivate others. Thus, Anushka can be very successful and happy in sales, advertising, publicity, promotion, politics or any profession that requires communication skills and understanding of people.
Are you a true Taurus like Bollywood actor Anushka Sharma? Read on to find out which personality traits you share with the star
“I can't do films just for the sake of doing them,” Anushka Sharma once said. The actor makes sure she's never working on more than three projects at a time. “I can be very lazy,” she admitted, and she's not the only one of her kind. As hard-working as they may be, few zodiac signs can get as lazy as a Taurean who thinks they've earned a break, and their homes often reflect their love for lounging. Most Taurus individuals' 
Taureans are ruled by the planet Venus, which is associated with love and beauty. Therefore, individuals born under this zodiac sign tend to be very romantic, whether they admit it to others or not. Single Taureans are known to attract many suitors, but once committed, they make loyal and doting partners. In Anushka Sharma's case, this couldn't be more true. Ever since the actor tied the knot with cricket pro 
