Arjun Kapoor assumes the responsibility to be the protector and provider for those he loves, but demands their respect and attention in return.
, Ananya Bhattacharya gave the film a negative review and expressed about his acting that: "Arjun looks like a mouthing sharp".

, it saw him and Singh portray two bandits with bold attitude who fall for a dancer (Chopra). He described his character as "temperamental" who acts as a "moment's heat". Film analyst Anupama Chopra mentioned the film, which received mixed reviews, as an "unabashed love letter to the 1970s". Nevertheless, 
 When asked in an interview about his father's second marriage, Kapoor said: "When we were kids, it was difficult. But what can you do? How long will you complain? You have to accept what is, take it on your chin, and move on."
There is danger, however that his trait of determination and dedication will shift to stubbornness, making Arjun cling to ideas and projects well past their fruitious season. It is a good idea for him to keep fresh pipeline of ideas to make it easier to replace outdated plans by new and better ones.
, which tells the love story between a son and daughter of a Hindu and Muslim political family, respectively. While filming a running sequence for the feature in 
. He was cast in the role of Madhav Jha, a basketball champion who hardly speaks English and ends up getting attracted towards a college girl (played by 
Who is Arjun Kapoor?  He is an Indian actor who appears in Bollywood films, best known for is act in Habib Faisal's romantic drama Ishaqzaade (2012) for which he was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut.  He was born on Wednesday June 26th 1985, in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
2019 was yet another disappointing year in Kapoor's career, as the two films he starred in were commercial failures again. In his first release, the crime drama 
His artistic talent is emphasized in the performing arts where sensitivity and understanding for people and situations is called for.
Entrepreneurial and progressive, Arjun Kapoor is ever-striving, heading for the top, and enjoying an enterprising, ambitious and determined personality to do things well, and an unyielding dedication to his plan until the goals are achieved.
Tour Arjun's menu and gain more insight into his personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
Kapoor is a celebrity endorser for various brands and products, and was the co-owner of the ISL team 
By becoming aware of his emotions, he can gain control over them rather than have his emotions control his life. And the reward is great because then he shows vast depth of understanding while keeping his emotions checked.
 in New York City, where he gave a speech highlighting India's progress as a nation and the challenges faced by the country.
) when he joins a college. In an interview Kapoor admitted that he signed the film despite not reading the novel.

When balanced, he is compassionate and emotionally secure. Kapoor is also a natural healer, with leadership qualities and the ability to genuinely empathize. He also radiates love and spiritual happiness to those around him.
. He played a character that falls in love with an aspiring jewellery designer (essayed by Parineeti Chopra).

Arjun Kapoor is very concerned with his status and fosters the appearance of success and self-satisfaction. Interestingly, that very same need to appear well-off can be the fuel that propels Arjun to strive for growth, success and the finer things of life.
Always seeking the forefront and the limelight, Arjun needs to feel in command of important undertakings, and resists supportive roles. He can become irritated and even domineering when important things do not go his way. Kapoor can be impatient with his shortcomings and those of others.
 and approximately weighed 140 kg; he later said that due to his condition, he used to be "sloppy, grumpy" and "under-confident".
 Saved in parser cache with key enwiki:pcache:idhash:33608726-0!canonical and timestamp 20200425175825 and revision id 952732921
 
When unbalanced, drama queen is not an unfamiliar term to Arjun, and he often likes to give advice to others even when his own life is a mess.
, he essayed the role of an agent who is given a secret mission of tracking a terrorist. His next screen appearance occurred in 
 (WWF) and along with working towards creating awareness for Earth Hour, he has also helped raise awareness for conservation in the Sundarbans region of the country.
Arjun's creativity and originality today may be lacking of practical application, but his wittiness and resolve help him to resolve conflicts and harmonize relationships.
Patient as he is towards his goals, Arjun's  flying, ravaging temper endangers his relationships with the very same people that will help him to accomplish those goals. He should use his strength of will to study and practice anger management.
 released with the same title. He played Krish Malhotra, a college student wanting to become a writer. Saurabh Dwivedi stated that Kapoor "shows his pain through body language but falls short in some scenes opposite his co-actor 
Exceptionally creative and original, Arjun possesses a touch of the unusual. His approach to problems is unique and he has the courage to wander from the traditional templates of thoughts and deeds. 
Arjun can easily gain high respect in the community, being understanding of the views of others, and he often tends to achieve his goals.
