Tour Hema's menu and gain more insight into his personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
Who is Hema Malini?  He is a Bollywood Actor.  He was born on Saturday October 16th 1948, in Trichy, Tamil Nadu, India,.
Hema Malini tends to be quite adaptable, and he finds it easy to fit into most social set ups and vocational fields.
Hema Malini possesses a great talent for creativity and self expression, typical of many accomplished writers, poets, actors and musicians. He is also witty, owns the gift for gab, and savors the limelight.
His talent for the expressive arts is so abundant that Hema may well have felt drawn to becoming an artist while still very young. However, these artistic abilities can only be enhanced through discipline and commitment to the true development of his talent. In other words, creativity is the gift that can give Hema Malini the comfort and luxury he desires, but not without continual focus and discipline.
There are no particular virtues that can cause an imbalance in Hema's personality and life, but he has to work hard and persistently to develop those special strengths that he desires to attain.
Hema is good at running serious conversations today, which may advance love and romance affairs at work.
Hema Malini is emotional and vulnerable. He can be generous to a fault, but when hurt, he withdraws into a cloud of silence, eventually emerging from his reticence with jokes and laughter that cover up his true feelings. 
For Hema Malini, April 26th 2020 is a day best spent doing work around the house and investing time in family matters.
Malini is optimistic and masters the resilience to overcome many setbacks. Thanks to his gift for self expression, he can be the life of the party, and the center of attention. When used constructively, Hema's talent for self expression can be a great inspiration force in the world, uplifting others, and bringing much success and happiness to him. However, Hema Malini could easily squander his talent by becoming a social butterfly.
On 11 June 2015, Hema Malini became grandmother when her younger daughter Ahana Deol gave birth to her first child, Darien Vohra. On 20 October 2017, she became grandmother for the second time when her elder daughter, 
"Shimla Mirchi trailer: Rajkummar Rao romances Hema Malini, Rakul Preet in Ramesh Sippy's comeback directorial"
"From Hema Malini-Dharmendra, Rekha-Vinod Mehra to Aamir Khan-Reena: Bollywood's most controversial and secret marriages"
Detailed Profile, Smt. Hema Malini, Members of Parliament (Rajya Sabha), Who's Who, Government: National Portal of India.
