Hrithik Roshan is sensual and loves to taste all of life. Sex, food and other sensory experiences are essential to the enjoyment of his. He finds it difficult to commit to one relationship, but once committed, he can be as faithful as an old dog. 
He is often a late-bloomer and needs to experience life before he can truly know and commit to his heart's desire. Hrithik Roshan may be perceived as a wild child by adults and a source of concern by his family. However, he must not be obliged to hurry his choice of career or family. Hrithik's challenge is to learn the true meaning of freedom-from-within through his jurney. He should try to maintain an exercise program to keep his body in shape. The flexibility and durability of Roshan's body will promote security and confidence within him.
Hrithik utilizes his practical skills, strong physical dexterity, strength, and good health to work with his hands in either a practical or artistic way, such as being a sculptor or craftsman that possesses both physical and mental talents, and  strives for high quality end results.
Who is Hrithik Roshan?  He is an Indian film actor who has established a successful career in Bollywood, has won six Filmfare Awards, and is cited in the media as one of the most attractive male celebrities in India.  He was born on Thursday January 10th 1974, in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
Hrithik Roshan is a practical and down to earth person that can think through any situation or problem.
It is a good day for learning for Hrithik, but it is also marked with shifting of priorities - a good reason not to commit to any long-term plans.
With his upbeat and often inspiring personality, Hrithik Roshan makes friends easily and attracts people from all walks of life. He has a way with words and an uncanny ability to motivate others. Thus, Hrithik can be very successful and happy in sales, advertising, publicity, promotion, politics or any profession that requires communication skills and understanding of people.
Tour Hrithik's menu and gain more insight into his personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
Freedom is the key to Hrithik's personality. Hrithik Roshan loves travel, adventure, variety and meeting new people, and he longs to experience all of life. He also loves to be involved in several things at the same time as long as he is not tied down to any one area. Change is constant in his world, requiring adaptability and courage.
Hrithik Roshan personality profile | © Copyright 2009-2020 Celebrities Galore and Master Numerologist 
Hrithik is multi-talented and possesses a variety of diverse abilities. However, discipline and focus are the true keys to his success. Without these, many of the tasks Hrithik begins will remain unfinished and he will fail to realize the true fruits of his abilities. With hard work and perseverance, however, the sky is the limit. Self-employment attracts Roshan powerfully, yet his challenge is to settle into one area to cultivate his ability sufficiently to earn a living and attain success. Once Hrithik Roshan finds his niche, the motivation and inspiration he supplies others with will bring him much in return, and he will find his friends and colleagues supporting and promoting him on the road to success.
April 26th 2020 is caracterized by humanitarian acts of tact and wisdom, intelligence and depth, that manage to diffuse even recent trouble in Hrithik Roshan's relationship.
Hrithik Roshan Numerology -- Personality Number 7 | © Copyright 2009-2020 Celebrities Galore and Master Numerologist 
Hrithik Roshan seems mysterious and different. People see him as serious and studious. Hrithik is highly independent and self-sufficient. His acceptional intelligence and wisdom are quickly noticed, and people respect him. Roshan is not one to attract people on the basis of his warmth or compassion - though he may be loaded with both - but because of his obvious insight into life's mysteries.
He is hard to get to know, and is often withdrawn. It is common for people to see Hrithik Roshan's focus turn inside of himself in the middle of a conversation. Hrithik has the makings of an intellectual and an aristocrat but he has to guard against arrogance and an attitude of "I have got it all figured out". There have been periods in Hrithik Roshan's life when he had little concern for his clothing or fashion, while at other times he is very aware of his clothing and uses it to make a specific impression. Hrithik appears dignified no matter how he dresses, but a well groomed seven with a touch of dash definitely has an advantage. Roshan's confidence increases when he knows he is well dressed.
Hrithik Roshan is recognized as spiritual and religious, with his very own ideas regarding the purpose of life and the Creator. He is an inspired speaker, but only when discussing subjects that really interest him. Otherwise, Hrithik is not one for chatter. His love of knowledge and wisdom shows.
Roshan's Personality number often serves as a censoring device, both in terms of what Hrithik sends out, as well as what he allows to approach.
It discriminates in the kinds of people and information Hrithik Roshan lets enter his heart and mind.
Hrithik Roshan is an Indian film actor who has established a successful career in Bollywood, has won six Filmfare Awards, and is cited in the media as one of the most attractive male celebrities in India.
