Due to the rare discipline and perseverance that Khan possesses, not everyone can keep up with him, and he has to be careful not to be bossy and rude. He can be also rigid in his ideas and get stuck in convention or too quick in judging his fellow man.
Irrfan is good at running serious conversations today, which may advance love and romance affairs at work.
A British Formula One racing driver who is the 2008, 2014 and 2015 Formula One World Champion, has more race victories than any other British driver in the history of Formula One and is currently third on the all-time wins list, with 45 wins
Irrfan seeks to establish a solid foundation, and would rather use hard work and long hours to build a business or career than search for "get rich quick" schemes. He has great potential for success, but only after putting out effort and overcoming the limitations he so often encounters. Courageous and a true survivor, he is a builder and the foundation of any enterprise, and his hard work and practical values pay off to provide Irrfan Khan with the rewards he seeks and deserves.
Justice and honesty are sacred to Khan, making him reliable and dependable, and quite often - a cornerstone in the community. Also, though not a typical idealist, Irrfan Khan is willing to work for a better world in a realistic way.
Irrfan Khan tends to be quite adaptable, and he finds it easy to fit into most social set ups and vocational fields.
Tour Irrfan's menu and gain more insight into his personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
Irrfan Khan works well with others, but it is important that he would have his own responsibility and well-defined task, because he performs better when his responsibilities are not overlapping with those of others.
Who is Irrfan Khan?  He is an Indian film actor of primarily Hindi cinema who is recognized as one of the finest actors in Indian cinema for his versatile and natural acting, and is the recipient of Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honour for his contribution to the field of arts.  He was born on Saturday January 7th 1967, in Jaipur, Rajasthan, India.
For Irrfan Khan, April 26th 2020 is a day best spent doing work around the house and investing time in family matters.
Irrfan Khan is practical, down to earth with strong ideas about right and wrong. He is orderly, organized, systematic and controlled, and once committed - he employs decisive and methodical steps to problems solving, without giving up easily.
Irrfan Khan is loyal to those he loves. He is well suited for marriage and often becomes a responsible loving parent. However, anything that violates his profound sense of order, such as separation or divorce can be a shattering experience for him. 
There are no particular virtues that can cause an imbalance in Irrfan's personality and life, but he has to work hard and persistently to develop those special strengths that he desires to attain.
A Belgian professional footballer in attacking midfielder and wide midfielder positions, who plays for English club Chelsea and the Belgium national team, and his creativity, speed, dribbling and close ball control are widely acknowledged
) for two episodes. In one episode, he performed the role of a thug who somehow lands in court. Theatre and television kept him afloat until 
 He lent his voice to the light and sound show at the war memorial for the Indian army at Vidhan Sabha Road, Jaipur. This show portrays the valour and courage of the Rajasthani soldiers and their historic and modern triumphs in battle.
"Irrfan Khan reveals he has a rare disease in a sombre note - Celebs who made headlines  | The Times of India"
Sikdar said about him, "He was always focused. I remember when he would come home, he would head straight for the bedroom, sit on the floor, and read books. The rest of us would be hanging around gossiping." Even now, as he reads through at least one new Hollywood script a week, he believes in doing his homework, staying up till 3 in the morning, taking notes, trying to understand ways to play his character. Sikdar recalls how he would demand as many as 11 rewrites from her when he directed episodes of 
 (2007) marked a turning point in Khan's career, earning him praise and several awards including the 
 on him. In the other one, he played the role of an office accountant who, after being insulted by his female boss, took revenge. He also appeared in a serial called 
On 23 February 1995, Khan married writer and fellow NSD graduate Sutapa Sikdar. They have two sons, Babil and Ayan.
. About him, Danny Boyle said, "he has an instinctive way of finding the 'moral center' of any character, so that in Slumdog, we believe the policeman might actually conclude that Jamal is innocent. Boyle compares him to an athlete who can execute the same move perfectly over and over. 'It's beautiful to watch.'"
 was one of the highlights of the multi-star movie. They were closely followed by his appearance in the international films 
, enacting the part of Sunil, who is finding it difficult to come to terms with his wife's death and loneliness after moving to New York.

 In 2012, he changed the spelling of his name from "Irfan" to "Irrfan" and has said he likes the sound of the extra "r" in his name.
 (1988). Followed by a series of roles in films that failed to propel his career forward, he received critical acclaim for playing negative roles in the 
. His performance was praised by critics; one wrote, "Irfaan's eyes speak louder than his words and every time he is in frame, be it talking to his buddy Manish or arguing with Suhel, he shows his capability as an actor".
 in four categories. Film critics, contemporaries and other experts consider him to be one of the finest actors in 
, saying that "as the ambitious, brash, fearless goon who is mind-blowing. He is outright scary and makes you sit up, wondering what he'll do next".
