Ranbir Kapoor possesses a great talent for creativity and self expression, typical of many accomplished writers, poets, actors and musicians. He is also witty, owns the gift for gab, and savors the limelight.
There are no particular virtues that can cause an imbalance in Ranbir's personality and life, but he has to work hard and persistently to develop those special strengths that he desires to attain.
Ranbir Kapoor is emotional and vulnerable. He can be generous to a fault, but when hurt, he withdraws into a cloud of silence, eventually emerging from his reticence with jokes and laughter that cover up his true feelings. 
Ranbir Kapoor personality profile | © Copyright 2009-2020 Celebrities Galore and Master Numerologist 
Kapoor is optimistic and masters the resilience to overcome many setbacks. Thanks to his gift for self expression, he can be the life of the party, and the center of attention. When used constructively, Ranbir's talent for self expression can be a great inspiration force in the world, uplifting others, and bringing much success and happiness to him. However, Ranbir Kapoor could easily squander his talent by becoming a social butterfly.
His talent for the expressive arts is so abundant that Ranbir may well have felt drawn to becoming an artist while still very young. However, these artistic abilities can only be enhanced through discipline and commitment to the true development of his talent. In other words, creativity is the gift that can give Ranbir Kapoor the comfort and luxury he desires, but not without continual focus and discipline.
Ranbir Kapoor tends to be quite adaptable, and he finds it easy to fit into most social set ups and vocational fields.
April 26th 2020 carries financial reward for Ranbir Kapoor, possibly unexpected. It is a good day for him for promotional activities or sales.
Who is Ranbir Kapoor?  He is an Indian actor and philantropist who has become one of the most popular celebrities and one of the highest-paid actors in India, and is the recipient of several awards, including five Filmfare Awards.  He was born on Tuesday September 28th 1982, in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
Tour Ranbir's menu and gain more insight into his personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
Ranbir is a bit shy and concious while giving interviews on television or on those promotional events. Ranveer on the other hand is like an open book who talks freely and answers boldly to every questions posed to him by the interviewer. 
Ranbir Kapoor and Ranveer Singh are like north and south poles. They differ from each other in most of their personality traits.    
