Shah Rukh Khan personality profile | © Copyright 2009-2020 Celebrities Galore and Master Numerologist 
An American football wide receiver for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL), who majored in Communication Studies, and has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles and St. Louis Rams
Tour Shahrukh's menu and gain more insight into his personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
An American actor, director, activist, producer and co-founder of the Lookingglass Theatre Company, who lived much of the late 1980s in Los Angeles as a struggling, unemployed actor, and gained worldwide recognition for playing Ross Geller in the sitcom Friends
Shah Rukh Khan enjoys his solitude and prefers to work alone. He needs time to contemplate his ideas without the intrusion of other people's thoughts. He is a lone wolf and a person who lives by his own ideas and methods. As a result, close associations are difficult for Shahrukh to form and keep, especially marriage. Shah Rukh Khan needs his space and privacy, which, when violated, can cause him great frustration and irritation.
Entrepreneurial and progressive, Shah Rukh Khan is ever-striving, heading for the top, and enjoying an enterprising, ambitious and determined personality to do things well, and an unyielding dedication to his plan until the goals are achieved.
An American film actor who is ranked by The American Film Institute as #19 of the greatest male stars of classic Hollywood cinema, and was nominated four times for Academy Awards and won one plus a Golden Globe for his work in Elmer Gantry
An American rapper, singer, songwriter, entrepreneur, investor, and occasional actor who was titled by Peter Shapiro as "one of the biggest stars of the new millennium", and ranked by RIAA as the fourth selling rap artist in American history
With his abilities to learn, analyze, and seek out answers to life's important questions, Shah Rukh Khan has the potential for enormous growth and success in life. By the time he reaches middle age, Shahrukh will radiate refinement and wisdom. 
Patient as he is towards his goals, Shahrukh's  flying, ravaging temper endangers his relationships with the very same people that will help him to accomplish those goals. He should use his strength of will to study and practice anger management.
When his life is balanced, however, Shah Rukh Khan is both charming and attractive. He can be the life of a party, and enjoy performing before an audience. Shahrukh loves displaying his wit and knowledge, which makes him attractive to others, especially the opposite sex. It should just be remembered that because he associates peace with the unobtrusive privacy of his world, intimacy is difficult for Shah Rukh Khan. It is Shah Rukh Khan's challenge to avoid shutting out the love of others and keeping him from experiencing the true joy of friendship and close companionship.
There is danger, however that his trait of determination and dedication will shift to stubbornness, making Shahrukh cling to ideas and projects well past their fruitious season. It is a good idea for him to keep fresh pipeline of ideas to make it easier to replace outdated plans by new and better ones.
Shah Rukh Khan has a compelling sense of himself as a spiritual being who is the searcher and the seeker of truth. That said, Shahrukh's life is devoted to investigations into the unknown, and finding the answers to the mysteries of life. Monumental as it is, Shah Rukh Khan is well-equipped to handle his mission. He enjoys a fine mind, and is an analytical thinker, capable of great concentration and theoretical insight. Shah Rukh Khan enjoys research, and putting the pieces of an intellectual puzzle together, and once he has enough pieces in place, Shahrukh is capable of highly creative insight and practical solutions to problems.
Shahrukh Khan has an impeccable sense of humour and its all evident from the witty responses he gives during his interviews and the comments he makes while hosting award functions. 
Rising from an average middle-class family to becoming one of the the most influential and powerful celebrities in the world, here is SRK for you. Shahrukh Khan is one of the most inspiring personality of all time. Apart from the Bollywood legend Dilip Kumar, Shah Rukh Khan is the only other actor to have won eight Filmfare awards, making him the undisputed top actor in the industry. He is known as the King of Bollywood and here we mention a few rare facts about the Baadshah. 
Shahrukh Khan is always abreast with every major decision-making related to his businesses. Most part of the year, Shahrukh Khan is not in India but whenever he's around, he stays awake while his team is working. He is known to sleep just a few hours every night and work until sunrise on most days.
Bollywood stars are often known as philanderers but SRK is an exception among them. It is said that he does not cancel his family plans and meeting at any cost unless it is very important or urgent. When Shahrukh Khan is spending time with his children, no one is allowed to contact him.
Many people say he is hot headed and extremely rude towards his fans, but the fact is SRK is quite a humble and down to earth person in real life. He believes in spreading smiles and love around the world. 
Shahrukh Khan has reached that stage in his life where even 24 hours are not enough for him to finish his meetings and appointments. No matter what time he leaves his home or starts the day, he is always late.
In spite of his packed schedule, he never fails to take out time to update himself with the latest happenings across the world. Every morning three sets of three different newspapers are kept ready for him in his study, office, and car. 
SRK loves homemade food and is crazy about Indian food. So much so that he is always ready to taste anything from Pani Puri to homemade Pav Bhaji to Chole Bhature.
Shahrukh Khan believes donation is all about inner contentment and inner-satisfaction and hence believes in keeping donation as secrets. There is a special team that works under SRK charity and they make sure that there is no delay in the work or payments promised under his name.
Most of the stars forget their struggling days soon after they taste stardom and success. But Shahrukh Khan is not among those. He makes it a point to stay in contact with every person who helped him during his struggling days. He apparently talks to each one of them every few days.
Like no other, Shahrukh Khan is extremely polite and gentle towards his fans. All of us know about his huge fan following, just not online but also people who stand outside his residence to get a glimpse of him. Everyday, before stepping out of the house, he goes out and smiles and waves at people who have come to see him.
