Vidya Balan tends to be quite adaptable, and she finds it easy to fit into most social set ups and vocational fields.
Who is Vidya Balan?  She is an Indian actress who aspired to a career in film from a young age, has been awarded the National Film Award, six Filmfare Awards, six Screen Awards and the Padma Shri, and is known for pioneering a change in the concept of a Hindi film heroine with her portrayals of strong-willed women.  She was born on Saturday January 1st 1977, in Poothamkurussy, Puthur, Palakkad, Kerala, India.
She possesses the ability to inspire people to join her in her quest, even when they are incapable of seeing what she sees. Therefore, those around Vidya Balan need her continual guidance, inspiration, and encouragement. Balan is a good judge of character, which serves her well in attracting the right people that she can prod them then into action and direct them along the lines of her vision.
 There will always be a slight difference between the reel and the real. Even my family might know 99 per cent about me, but there will be this one per cent about me that nobody will ever know. Being in this profession, I am fine with biopics or movies inspired by real-life-characters.
It is a good day for learning for Vidya, but it is also marked with shifting of priorities - a good reason not to commit to any long-term plans.
Vidya's challenge in life is to understand that power and influence must be used for the benefit of mankind, and only for her personal gain. Otherwise, Vidya Balan is bound to suffer the consequences of greed and run the risk of losing it all. She must also learn to bounce back from failures and defeats. As with many greate visionaries, Balan can be reckless for lack of attention to details. Thus, it is not unlikely for such personality to experience major reverses, including bankruptcies and financial failure. Vidya Balan, however, has the talent and the sheer guts to make more than one fortune, and build many successful enterprises.
Vidya Balan is gifted with natural leadership and the capacity to accumulate great wealth. She has great talent for management in all walks of life, especially in business and financial matters, where she contributes the greater vision, purpose, and long-range goals. She understands the material world, and intuitively knows what makes virtually any enterprise work. Business, finance, real estate, law, science (particularly history, archeology, and physics), publishing, and the management of large institutions are among the vocational fields that suit Vidya best. She is naturally attracted to positions of influence and leadership, and politics, social work, and teaching are among the many other areas where her abilities can shine.
There are no particular virtues that can cause an imbalance in Vidya's personality and life, but she has to work hard and persistently to develop those special strengths that she desires to attain.
April 26th 2020 is caracterized by humanitarian acts of tact and wisdom, intelligence and depth, that manage to diffuse even recent trouble in Vidya Balan's relationship.
Balan is likely to mold a large family around him, and she is inclined sometimes to keep them dependent longer than necessary. However, Vidya Balan is not demonstrative in showing her love and affection. Also, Vidya must be careful of becoming stubborn, intolerant, overbearing, and impatient. These characteristics may have been born early in her life, after suffering herself under a tyrannical parent or a family burdened by repressive religious or intellectual dogmas. 
Tour Vidya's menu and gain more insight into her personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
 It required her to sport twelve elaborate disguises, and she trained with a language coach to adopt a Hyderabadi accent.
 predicted, "Just a few smart male actors can completely change the face of a commercial, star-driven film industry. Looking at [...] Vidya Balan [...] it appears, that change could well originate from the leading lady instead."
. He cast her in the lead role of Aanandi, a young woman reminiscing about her past, for the combination of innocence and experience that he found in her.
 writing, "Vidya is irritating, over-the-top, extremely affected and looks ghastly in figure-hugging frocks."
 NDTV's Saibal Chatterjee criticised the decision to bill Vidya's pivotal role as a special appearance and noted how much her presence benefited the film.
 wrote that she "perfectly conveys Tara’s optimism and dedication, and hers is the only female character who has agency in this space agency saga".
 (2008) which had negative reviews. Vidya went on to establish herself by playing five consecutive roles to critical acclaim in the 2009 drama 
 festivities, met with wide critical acclaim. To lend authenticity to her part, Vidya met several pregnant women and learnt about their lifestyle.
 On Pradeep Sarkar's recommendation, Vidya auditioned for a leading role in his directorial venture — the 
 Her father, P. R. Balan, is the executive vice-president of Digicable and her mother, Saraswathy Balan, is a homemaker.
 found Vidya to be an "acting revelation", adding that her "devoted but dignified Lalita is the picture's heart and soul".
 Saved in parser cache with key enwiki:pcache:idhash:2077273-0!canonical and timestamp 20200426122503 and revision id 953247834
 
. Amitabh Bachchan played the role of Vidya's son and Abhishek Bachchan played the title character. A critical and commercial success, the film has been described as a major turning point in her career.
"NTR biopic, starring Nandamuri Balakrishna, Vidya Balan, Rana Daggubati, to release on 9 January, 2019"
The mass media has often speculated about a romantic relationship between Vidya and her co-actors, but she has strongly denied these reports.
