Tour Aamir's menu and gain more insight into his personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
Aamir Khan is uniquely ambitious and likely to achieve his goals and dreams. For that, he possesses much willpower, and is determined and ever-persistent, even as far as pursuing the dreams of childhood, never forgetting them throughout his life.
Aamir Khan is sharing his great capacity for invention with many inventors, artists, religious leaders, prophets, and leading figures in history. But because he is so highly charged, he experiences constant conflict between his great abilities and indulgence in self-reflection and self-criticism, leaving him highly self-conscious.
Aamir Khan must look out for his tendency not to listen to other people’s viewpoints; it might cause him to ignore his own inner voice as well.
For Aamir Khan, April 26th 2020 is a day best spent doing work around the house and investing time in family matters.
With his omnipresent energy and intuition, Aamir Khan has the potential to be a source of inspiration and illumination for people. With no conscious effort, he galvanizes every situation he enters, and energy seems to flow through him without being aware of this great potential or controlling it. When he is aware of his outstanding personality, Aamir tries to blend with his environment, feeling conspicuous, alien, and out-of-place.
For this powerful personality, Aamir Khan is likely to be a great friend to his supporters, but the worst enemy to his opponents.
Aamir is good at running serious conversations today, which may advance love and romance affairs at work.
Aamir Khan is a sensitive and passionate lover, fine companion and possesses a good sense of humor. His perceptiveness makes him aware of his partner's needs and desires, which he is able to fulfil with almost magical delicacy. However, when he feels he has been mistreated or jilted, Aamir can react with devastating power, sometimes using personal criticisms vindictively. During these stormy phases, Khan should seek out peaceful and harmonious environments, relaxing music, and follow a healthful diet in order to restore balance and peace. 
There is danger, however that his trait of determination and dedication will shift to stubbornness, making Aamir cling to ideas and projects well past their fruitious season. It is a good idea for him to keep fresh pipeline of ideas to make it easier to replace outdated plans by new and better ones.
Who is Aamir Khan?  He is an Indian film actor, director and producer who has established himself as one of the most popular and influential actors of Indian cinema, and was honoured by the Government of India with the Padma Shri in 2003 and the Padma Bhushan in 2010.  He was born on Sunday March 14th 1965, in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
Although blessed with a message or a specific role to play in life, Aamir Khan must develop himself sufficiently to take full advantage of that opportunity. Until that time, his inner development takes precedence over his ability to materialize the great undertaking he was chosen to perform. Consequently, Aamir seems to develop slowly, but he simply has more to accomplish in his evolution than the average person. Thus, Khan's real success does not usually begin until maturity, between the ages of 35 and 45, when he has progressed further along his path. When he has found his niche in life and begun to realize his true potential, Aamir's rewards will more than compensate for his trials earlier in life.
Aamir Khan has a good memory, is highly intelligent, well balanced and with strong mental abilities. His thinking process is logical, and his problem solving skills are outstanding.
Entrepreneurial and progressive, Aamir Khan is ever-striving, heading for the top, and enjoying an enterprising, ambitious and determined personality to do things well, and an unyielding dedication to his plan until the goals are achieved.
Intellect-driven that he is, it is important for Aamir to keep his brain stimulated and to challenge himself  mentally throughout his life with ongoing learning and study, however - he might also glitch into mental laziness due to lack of interesting triggers in his career and workplace, or in the people that he surrounds himself with.
 as his daughters in the film, share a great bond with him. Reportedly, Katrina Kaif also shared a good professional and personal relationship with Aamir while filming 
Aamir Khan is one of the most versatile and talented actors of Bollywood. His professionalism and sincerity towards every character that he portrays, have made many call him ‘Mr. Perfectionist’ of the industry. Born on 14th March 1965, Aamir falls under the zodiac sign Pisces, ruled by the planet Neptune. Pisceans are known for their intuitive intelligence and emotions. Following are the traits of the actor which makes him a true Piscean. 
Aamir Khan is a renowned actor of Bollywood. Read how the personality traits of his zodiac sign Pisces reflects in him and makes him true to his zodiac sign.
 of Bollywood Salman Khan and director Rajkumar Hirani. He never misses an opportunity to appreciate his friends for their work. Fans admired Aamir and his wife Kiran Rao when Aamir said in an interview with a leading daily that his wife's health is the most important for him when she was physically weak after a few miscarriages. 
, he had undergone a massive transformation for presenting his character perfectly on the screen. Aamir's fans and the whole industry knows that he only does one or two films a year. He has often mentioned his need for delivering perfection for getting into the skin of the character.
His passion and hard work are not the only keys to his success. The choices of his films also make him stand out of the crowd. His movies entertain and educate the audience at the same time. Aamir pulled off the idea of addressing the most sensitive social issues in the most unique way possible with his talk show 
The co-actors of Aamir have always appreciated and mentioned that he is a very helpful and a great co-star. His easy-going nature makes the other actors and the crew of the film comfortable on the sets. Fatima Shaikh and Sanya Malhotra, who debuted in 
