Who is Kareena Kapoor?  She is an Indian film actress who appears in Hindi language films, is the recipient of several awards, including six Filmfare Awards, and is one of India's most popular and highest-paid actresses who is noted for playing in a range of film genres.  She was born on Sunday September 21st 1980, in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
There are no particular virtues that can cause an imbalance in Kareena's personality and life, but she has to work hard and persistently to develop those special strengths that she desires to attain.
Kapoor is optimistic and masters the resilience to overcome many setbacks. Thanks to her gift for self expression, she can be the life of the party, and the center of attention. When used constructively, Kareena's talent for self expression can be a great inspiration force in the world, uplifting others, and bringing much success and happiness to her. However, Kareena Kapoor could easily squander her talent by becoming a social butterfly.
April 26th 2020 is Kareena Kapoor's day to be aggressive and take charge once she wakes up filled with drive and determination. It will be easy to apply this energy throughout the day as others look at Kareena for direction.
Kareena Kapoor is emotional and vulnerable. She can be generous to a fault, but when hurt, she withdraws into a cloud of silence, eventually emerging from her reticence with jokes and laughter that cover up her true feelings. 
Kareena Kapoor possesses a great talent for creativity and self expression, typical of many accomplished writers, poets, actors and musicians. She is also witty, owns the gift for gab, and savors the limelight.
Kareena Kapoor personality profile | © Copyright 2009-2020 Celebrities Galore and Master Numerologist 
Tour Kareena's menu and gain more insight into her personality traits, relationships, strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes, compatibility with you and with others, and much more.
Kareena Kapoor tends to be quite adaptable, and she finds it easy to fit into most social set ups and vocational fields.
Her talent for the expressive arts is so abundant that Kareena may well have felt drawn to becoming an artist while still very young. However, these artistic abilities can only be enhanced through discipline and commitment to the true development of her talent. In other words, creativity is the gift that can give Kareena Kapoor the comfort and luxury she desires, but not without continual focus and discipline.
She is hard to get to know, and is often withdrawn. It is common for people to see Kareena Kapoor's focus turn inside of herself in the middle of a conversation. Kareena has the makings of an intellectual and an aristocrat but she has to guard against arrogance and an attitude of "I have got it all figured out". There have been periods in Kareena Kapoor's life when she had little concern for her clothing or fashion, while at other times she is very aware of her clothing and uses it to make a specific impression. Kareena appears dignified no matter how she dresses, but a well groomed seven with a touch of dash definitely has an advantage. Kapoor's confidence increases when she knows she is well dressed.
It discriminates in the kinds of people and information Kareena Kapoor lets enter her heart and mind.
Kapoor's Personality number often serves as a censoring device, both in terms of what Kareena sends out, as well as what she allows to approach.
Kareena Kapoor seems mysterious and different. People see her as serious and studious. Kareena is highly independent and self-sufficient. Her acceptional intelligence and wisdom are quickly noticed, and people respect her. Kapoor is not one to attract people on the basis of her warmth or compassion - though she may be loaded with both - but because of her obvious insight into life's mysteries.
Kareena Kapoor is an Indian film actress who appears in Hindi language films, is the recipient of several awards, including six Filmfare Awards, and is one of India's most popular and highest-paid actresses who is noted for playing in a range of film genres.
Kareena Kapoor Numerology -- Personality Number 7 | © Copyright 2009-2020 Celebrities Galore and Master Numerologist 
Kareena Kapoor is recognized as spiritual and religious, with her very own ideas regarding the purpose of life and the Creator. She is an inspired speaker, but only when discussing subjects that really interest her. Otherwise, Kareena is not one for chatter. Her love of knowledge and wisdom shows.
