 9. We know all the roles Rajinikanth has played in his films. But his real life roles are even more fascinating. 
 One of his co-stars, Viji Chandrasekhar compliments Rajini's quality of treating everyone equally: " 
 Twenty-two years ago, three of his fans died in an accident on their way back from his birthday celebration in Chennai. Rajinikanth was so badly affected after this incident that he stopped celebrating his birthday in Chennai. 
 Rajinikanth rules the hearts of his many fans across the world. He is not just adored but worshipped as the 
 Many of Rajinikanth's fans don't know how learned he is. He reads a lot. His interest areas include science, spirituality, politics and culture! 
In August 2016, it was announced that Rajinikanth and Ranjith would work together again for a film with Dhanush as producer, titled as 
In 2008, Rajinikanth took part in a hunger strike organised by the Nadigar Sangam against Karnataka's stance on the 
Rajinikanth announced entry into politics on 31 December 2017 and confirmed his intention to contest in the 2021 
 In Japan, the film grossed a record US$1.6 million in 1998 and was largely instrumental in creating a fan-base for Rajinikanth in the country.
 had Rajinikanth playing dual roles and eventually became his first ever commercial success. His pairing with 
 lashed out against Rajinikanth, alleging that he is dividing the film industry and saying that he was a "traitor who had a tacit understanding with the Karnataka government".
"SUPERSTAR Rajinikanth!: The biggest movie star you've probably never heard of. – By Grady Hendrix – Slate Magazine"
, Rajinikanth met a medical student named Nirmala and started a relationship. After seeing him perform in a stage play, she encouraged him to pursue an acting career and sent an application to the 
Rajinikanth said: "Even God cannot save Tamil Nadu if AIADMK returns to power." Rajinikanth wholeheartedly supported the DMK and TMC alliance and asked the people of Tamil Nadu and his fans to vote for that alliance. This alliance had a complete victory in 1996. Rajinikanth also supported the DMK-TMC alliance in the 
 Almost every film of Rajinikanth has punchlines delivered by him in an inimitable style, and these punchlines often have a message or even warn the film's antagonists. These dialogues are usually fabricated to create new ones or even be taken in a comical way, but do not fail to create a sense of entertainment among viewers.
 Rajinikanth's fan associations regularly organise blood donation and eye donation camps and distribute food during his birthday.
, in which Rajinikanth played an extended cameo role as himself, a film star in the Indian cinema, and as a best friend to the film's protagonist. According to Rajinikanth, the film somewhat narrated his early life.
 It fell short of market expectations and the high bids reportedly translated to heavy losses for the distributors. Rajinikanth himself repaid the losses incurred by the distributors.
Rajinikanth had his primary education at the Gavipuram Government Kannada Model Primary School in Bangalore.
 on his behalf and unbeknownst to him. Although he took up the offer and proceeded with his acting career, Rajinikanth has since lost contact with her.
